1.  what is software?what is software engineering?
 -   software is collection of information , intruction and data.

2. explain types of software 
       -  (1) system software
          (2) application software 
          (3) programming software
          (4) driver software
          (5) middleware software

  (1) systemsoftware 
    -  these software programs are designed to run a computer`s application programs and hardware.
    -  system software coordinates the activities and functions of the hardware and software.
    -  the os is the best example of system software ; it manages all the other computer programs. 
    -  other examples of system software include the firmware, computer language translators and system utilities...
    ex. windos, mac, android ,ubantu

  (2) application software
    - application software use
     (a)mobile application   
          ex.watsapp,intagram,facebook..
     (b)web browser                
           ex. crom...
     (c)desktop app                  
         notepad,paint ,ms office, microsoft office,photo shop

  (3) programming software 
    -  computer programers use programing softwareto write code.
    -  programming software is use to communicate between human and machin   

     (a) high level programming 
       pop- procedure orinted programing 
     ex- c,basic ,fortran
 
     -  oop-object orianted programming
        ex-c++,java,peal, net, c#,f#

      - logical programming 
        ex-prolog

     -  sdripting language
        ex- java script, nide js ,php ,react,angular,

    -  functional programing 
       ex-python,lisp  

   (b)  low level programing   
          -near to machin far to human 

   (4) driver software
     ex audio driver, video driver, network driver

    (5) midal ware software 
     ex-data base

3. what is the SDLC?explain each phase of SDLC
     software development life cycle (SDLC) methodology with clearly defined
     processes for creating high - qualite software 
    
    (1)planing
    (2)analysis
    (3)designing
    (4)inplementation
    (5)testing
    (6)maintennance